Update install instructions (#792)
DataDog/integrations-extras: pihole/README.md

### Installation

> If you are using Agent v6.8+ follow the instructions below to install the Ping check on your host. See the dedicated Agent guide for [installing community integrations][6] to install checks with the [Agent prior to version 6.8][3] or the [Docker Agent][4]:

Author: ```suggestion
If you are using Agent v6.8+ follow the instructions below to install the Pi-hole check on your host. See the dedicated Agent guide for [installing community integrations][6] to install checks with the [Agent prior to version 6.8][3] or the [Docker Agent][4]:
```
